Original Name -> Sanitized Name
===========================
hughes, j -> robinson, p
hernandez, q -> jackson, i
thomas, m -> price, z
hernandez, t -> jackson, k
diaz, q -> morales, l
wright, s -> ortiz, s
martinez, g -> cox, l
hill, d -> rogers, x
ortiz, c -> reyes, m
myers, e -> robinson, y
morgan, n -> jenkins, a
carter, p -> lopez, a
sullivan, v -> hall, v
russell, l -> kelly, h
torres, v -> jones, v
carter, h -> nguyen, a
ortiz, b -> morales, n
lopez, w -> ramirez, j
turner, h -> stewart, l
young, z -> moore, y
thomas, v -> butler, c
lee, d -> hernandez, h
coleman, m -> white, j
green, n -> coleman, k
wood, u -> russell, p
jenkins, o -> perry, j
miller, c -> gonzalez, f
stewart, v -> peterson, n
rivera, m -> sullivan, w
henderson, d -> nelson, g
coleman, z -> scott, k
wright, h -> hill, s
fisher, z -> morris, a
butler, b -> hill, v
thomas, o -> watson, h
cox, d -> russell, q
richardson, q -> myers, h
king, e -> russell, m
cox, u -> bennett, w
thomas, x -> rodriguez, v
lopez, h -> moore, f
hall, t -> foster, v
perez, c -> edwards, j
collins, f -> bennett, z
walker, a -> hughes, b
smith, m -> gonzalez, b
brooks, x -> walker, c
gomez, q -> howard, n
martin, x -> gray, y
anderson, i -> foster, s
bell, m -> cruz, c
watson, u -> lewis, s
hall, r -> taylor, w
morales, f -> nelson, n
diaz, k -> jenkins, n
kelly, s -> lewis, p
ross, g -> rodriguez, g
jones, j -> howard, i
cooper, n -> fisher, p
richardson, t -> miller, t
taylor, j -> carter, q
parker, c -> torres, r
perry, a -> barnes, c
jones, k -> young, l
evans, m -> hughes, m
howard, h -> sanchez, n
morgan, r -> wilson, t
coleman, x -> reed, p
gonzalez, o -> roberts, h
jackson, v -> robinson, o
lewis, g -> nguyen, j
lewis, c -> flores, g
ramirez, g -> howard, f
rodriguez, y -> jenkins, b
nelson, l -> miller, b
robinson, i -> garcia, m
white, g -> harris, q
morales, l -> morgan, z
lewis, r -> cook, g
smith, j -> williams, n
howard, f -> bell, k
bennett, w -> rogers, k
torres, e -> gray, g
williams, e -> wilson, q
ortiz, f -> watson, t
anderson, p -> murphy, n
myers, q -> kelly, m
rogers, w -> williams, h
cook, e -> morgan, x
fisher, y -> lopez, v

Station Mapping:
===============
out of station -> OUT OF STATION
BILLINGS -> STATION1

Total unique names generated: 90